add notebook to process fastq files (#2)
biomage-org/data-scripts: README.md

# filter_empty_drops.R
Usage:

> Download samples using aws s3 cp s3://biomage-originals-production/**PROJECTUUID** input --recursive
> Copy samples table (Pure json as opposed to dynamodb JSON) into samples.json
> run "python3 rename_folders.py"
> Open data-scripts.rproj and load renv dependencies renv::restore()
> Use the filter_empty_drops function to filter all samples in the input dir
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download samples using aws s3 cp s3://biomage-originals-production/**PROJECTUUID** input --recursive
2. Copy samples table (Pure json as opposed to dynamodb JSON) into samples.json
3. run "python3 rename_samples.py"
4. Open data-scripts.rproj and load renv dependencies renv::restore()
5. Use the filter_empty_drops function to filter all samples in the input dir
```
